---
title:  "6 Games Created in Tempest Winds"
toc: true
categories:
  DiscoTrayStudios
  Acxiom
tags:
  GameDev
  TempestWinds
  Internship
---

This past week was pretty productive on both the Tempest Winds project and the website project at Acxiom.
I am enjoying the fact that the weather has gotten warmer, because it feels a lot nicer outside.
Weirdly enough, I haven't been getting allergies yet this year.

## Tempest Winds

This past week I have worked hard to get my assigned games done.
This ended up being a lot of repetitive work that I didn't have to think much about.
Some things I have been thinking about are changing the difficulty of some of the puzzles later on.
For now, though, we should keep them at this difficulty for quicker testing.

## Acxiom

At work I have been able to fix a ton of bugs and really polish up the website.
I have added validation of some data, changed things according to feedback, and more.
In other news, the rules for Acxiom changed.
Everyone is now required to come in the office a couple times a week if they are able.
This should be a good thing because I will be seeing a lot more people on campus and maybe have more in-person meetings.

## What's Coming Up?

- Finish my assigned tasks for **Tempest Winds**
- Continue working on a better landing page for this blog.
- Change "Projects" page to be a portfolio.
- Edit all the pages connected to the WIP landing page.

## TL;DR

- Completed 3 Jigsaw Puzzle games and 3 Sliding Tile games
- Polished up Acxiom internal website
- Acxiom office policy changed
