---
title:  "Orientation"
toc: true
toc_label: ""
toc_icon: "cog"
categories:
  Acxiom
tags:
  Internship
---

This past week I was an Orientation Leader! I also kept going with my internship! The school year is about to start!

## Orientation

Orientation was a ton of fun, but also a lot of prep work.
My trip was the Lost Valley hiking trip.
Since I was an OR leader, I had to make sure everything went as smoothly as possible.
Another thing, I was the only person who was supposed to drive up there, everyone else took this bus.
This led to me taking all 19 people (including myself) to the different trailheads, swimming holes, or other destinations.
Sadly, I did not get to hike on this trip as I had to give someone who couldn't hike company.
We still had fun though!
After hiking we went to swim, and after that relaxed in the hot tubs.
Later that night there was a HEATED game of Monopoly where the screaming started on the first move.
I like this group of freshmen and hope to see them succeed.
(Also Disorientation was fun)

## Acxiom Internship

This was a hard week when it came to my internship.
I was told to review emails for our client when I had the chance, but my availability was extremely spotty.
Orientation took most of my time, so when I had time to do anything I focused on training since that was less of a time commitment.
Not a ton got done, but I was able to focus on getting the freshmen oriented to Hendrix life.

## What's Coming Up?

- School Starting back up!
- Shirttails! (I will be participating)
- Continue working on a better landing page for this blog.
- Change "Projects" page to be a portfolio.
- Edit all the pages connected to the WIP landing page.

## TL;DR

- I was an Orientation Leader
- I drove a lot of people around in my truck
- It was difficult to do anything besides train at Acxiom
- I had a good, but busy, week
- The freshmen were good
  - (Just not at Monopoly)
