---
title:  "Started on Year 1 & Visual Studio Code"
toc: true
toc_label: ""
toc_icon: "cog"
categories:
  DiscoTrayStudios
tags:
  GameDev
  CultivatingCompetencies
  WebDev
  Blog
---

## Less Stress

This past week has been the least stressful week I've had in a while.
I really got to focus on my classes and DiscoTray projects with ease.
Hopefully things can stay like this.
This week I did a good amount of test-work on Cultivating Competencies as well as a little bit of work on the blog.
I also changed over to using Visual Studio Code.

## Cultivating Competencies

This week I worked on writing ideas and a sample story for a section of Year 1.
The transfer of this story from Obsidian to Ren'Py was originally difficult,
but this was because I didn't format everything like I should have in Obsidian.
After I noticed this, I took a little bit of time to update the Obsidian repository to have better formatting.
I will discuss this more with Ian so that we can determine if I can improve the formatting of the Obsidian files more.
However, after I did this, it was much easier to copy and paste the contents of the Obsidian files into Ren'Py with minimal changes here and there.

## Visual Studio Code

This week a friend of mine showed me Visual Studio Code, so I decided to try it out and it has greatly improved my workflow.
[VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) is a program that has replaced Visual Studio, Atom, IntelliJ, PyCharm, and possibly more on my computer.
This freed up a lot of space on my computer and I couldn't be happier about the switch.
I have already used it for my Computing Systems Organization work and now use it to update this blog and to update Cultivating Competencies.

## Blog

This week I spent a little bit of time updating the blog.
This update includes pages to look at my posts grouped by tags and categories as well as updating the tags themselves.
For example, I removed the DiscoTrayStudios tag because it is also a category, and I don't see the point in having both for it.
Another addition to the website is the search button at the top-right of the page.
When you click this button, it shows up a search bar and allows you to search through every post for any word or phrase.
Lastly, I went through every post and fixed anything that is considered bad practice by markdownlint, a plugin for VS Code.
I think these are two editions that make my blog feel more whole.
In the future, I want to have a better landing page, and make my posts page a different page.
On top of this, I want to create a logo for myself that can be located at the top of the screen and improve my "Projects" page to be more like a portfolio.

## What's Next?

- Talk to Ian about how to better format the Obsidian files
- Sketch out the full story of Year 1
  - Idea: Year 1 can be the demo we show off once it is complete
- Start working on some of the WebDev projects
- Create a better landing page for this blog
- Separate posts page to be a separate page
- Create a logo for my blog
- Change "Projects" page to be a portfolio

## TL;DR

- My week has been less stressful
- Started on Year 1 in Cultivating Competencies
  - So far sketched out one scene which is a scene about the player meeting their roommate for the first time.
- Switched over to Visual Studio Code:
  - This replaced Visual Studio, Atom IntelliJ, and PyCharm on my computer
    - Which freed up space
  - I will use this for most, if not all, of my coding needs.
- Updated blog:
  - Includes tags page
  - Includes categories pages
  - New site-wide search feature
